1.  Introduction

   The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is a stateless application-
   level request/response protocol that uses extensible semantics and
   self-descriptive message payloads for flexible interaction with
   network-based hypertext information systems.  This document is the
   first in a series of documents that collectively form the HTTP/1.1
   specification:

   1.  "Message Syntax and Routing" (this document)

   2.  "Semantics and Content" [RFC7231]

   3.  "Conditional Requests" [RFC7232]

   4.  "Range Requests" [RFC7233]

   5.  "Caching" [RFC7234]

   6.  "Authentication" [RFC7235]

   This HTTP/1.1 specification obsoletes RFC 2616 and RFC 2145 (on HTTP
   versioning).  This specification also updates the use of CONNECT to
   establish a tunnel, previously defined in RFC 2817, and defines the
   "https" URI scheme that was described informally in RFC 2818.

   HTTP is a generic interface protocol for information systems.  It is
   designed to hide the details of how a service is implemented by
   presenting a uniform interface to clients that is independent of the
   types of resources provided.  Likewise, servers do not need to be
   aware of each client's purpose: an HTTP request can be considered in
   isolation rather than being associated with a specific type of client
   or a predetermined sequence of application steps.  The result is a
   protocol that can be used effectively in many different contexts and
   for which implementations can evolve independently over time.

   HTTP is also designed for use as an intermediation protocol for
   translating communication to and from non-HTTP information systems.
   HTTP proxies and gateways can provide access to alternative
   information services by translating their diverse protocols into a
   hypertext format that can be viewed and manipulated by clients in the
   same way as HTTP services.

   One consequence of this flexibility is that the protocol cannot be
   defined in terms of what occurs behind the interface.  Instead, we
   are limited to defining the syntax of communication, the intent of
   received communication, and the expected behavior of recipients.  If
   the communication is considered in isolation, then successful actions

