Hypertext Transfer Protocol 1.1

Meaning: 
	The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is an application-level
   protocol for distributed, collaborative, hypermedia information
   systems. It is a generic, stateless, protocol which can be used for
   many tasks beyond its use for hypertext, such as name servers and
   distributed object management systems, through extension of its
   request methods, error codes and headers

INTRODUCTION
   The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is a stateless application-
   level request/response protocol that uses extensible semantics and
   self-descriptive message payloads for flexible interaction with
   network-based hypertext information systems.  This document is the
   first in a series of documents that collectively form the HTTP/1.1
   specification:
   
Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP/1.1): Message Syntax and Routing
   HTTP is a generic interface protocol for information systems.  It is
   designed to hide the details of how a service is implemented by
   presenting a uniform interface to clients that is independent of the
   types of resources provided.  Likewise, servers do not need to be
   aware of each client's purpose: an HTTP request can be considered in
   isolation rather than being associated with a specific type of client
   or a predetermined sequence of application steps.  The result is a
   protocol that can be used effectively in many different contexts and
   for which implementations can evolve independently over time.

Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP/1.1): Semantics and Content
   Each Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) message is either a request
   or a response.  A server listens on a connection for a request,
   parses each message received, interprets the message semantics in
   relation to the identified request target, and responds to that
   request with one or more response messages.  A client constructs
   request messages to communicate specific intentions, examines
   received responses to see if the intentions were carried out, and
   determines how to interpret the results.

Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP/1.1): Conditional Requests
   Conditional requests are HTTP requests [RFC7231] that include one or
   more header fields indicating a precondition to be tested before
   applying the method semantics to the target resource. 
   Conditional GET requests are the most efficient mechanism for HTTP
   cache updates. Conditionals can also be applied to
   state-changing methods, such as PUT and DELETE, to prevent the "lost
   update" problem: one client accidentally overwriting the work of
   another client that has been acting in parallel.Conditional request preconditions are based on the state of the
   target resource as a whole (its current value set) or the state as
   observed in a previously obtained representation (one value in that
   set).
 
 Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP/1.1): Caching
   HTTP is typically used for distributed information systems, where
   performance can be improved by the use of response caches.
   An HTTP cache is a local store of response messages and the subsystem
   that controls storage, retrieval, and deletion of messages in it.  A
   cache stores cacheable responses in order to reduce the response time
   and network bandwidth consumption on future, equivalent requests.
   Any client or server MAY employ a cache, though a cache cannot be
   used by a server that is acting as a tunnel.
   
 Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP/1.1): Authentication
   HTTP provides a general framework for access control and
   authentication, via an extensible set of challenge-response
   authentication schemes, which can be used by a server to challenge a
   client request and by a client to provide authentication information.